Update prerequisite for Require password change (#104082)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/conditional-access/concept-conditional-access-grant.md

When a user is prompted to change a password, they'll first be required to complete multifactor authentication. Make sure all users have registered for multifactor authentication, so they're prepared in case risk is detected for their account.  

> [!WARNING]

> > Users must have previously registered for multi-factor authentication before triggering the user risk policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Users must have previously registered for multifactor authentication before triggering the user risk policy.
```
